Another powerful tool you can use to optimize for performance is child processes.
So we're going to do that within our Seelye.
We're going to modify one of our functions,
one of our responders,
to use a child process rather than the built in library that it's using.
Now,
as I mentioned in the section overview,
using a child process allows you to call any other application that might be living in the
system that you're running on and so you can think of a child process as giving you access
to the show to the terminal.
So any application that you could boot up and read input from If you're living in the
terminal,
you can access from child process.
So what we're going to do is change.
The responder that lists out logs to rather than using are built in Underscore Logs list
function.
It's going to call the shell,
and it's just going to use the show on this system to call L s within the directory,
where all the logs live in the wild,
you can spawn a process to call any kind of application that you want.
If you have some kind of compiled binary that calculates pie,
for example.
Then you can call that and pipe in the output back into your know J s application.
In our simple example,
we are just piping in the outputs of a simple shell command.
But these really could be any commands that you can think of.
So before we do that,
let's go up to our dependencies and require child process.
So I'm to say the child process equals require child underscore process.
Now let's go back down to our list logs function to review how it works now.
Over doing is calling our log library,
telling it to list out the logs,
telling it that we do want all of the logs,
even the compressed ones,
and then putting in a vertical space and then cycling through each of the log file names in
the result into Ray and logging them to the council,
each followed by a vertical space.
So we're going to do this exact same thing is this that we're going to get the array of
file names directly from the shell instead of from our built in library.
So for now,
I'm just going to move this section of the code down here on the assumption that we are
still going to end up with an array that we need to cycle through.
We're going to rewrite the rest of this.
So let's start by doing the LS.
So I'm gonna call l s equals child process dot spawn who were responding a child process
with the command,
the show command ls.
And we're telling it to execute that command within a specific working directory.
And that working directory is going to be put inside of an array and is going to be dot,
slash dot logs.
Remember the name of the laws directories actually dot logs and then another slash Now we
have this command being executed,
but we need to pipe the output somewhere.
So we want to say,
ls standard out on data?
In other words,
every time this command starts piping data to standard out,
let's catch it here.
Let's bind to that.
So it's going to call data object,
and we are going to want to take this data object converted to a string and then split that
string into an array.
So we're dealing with in Ray,
just like we used to so explode.
Think to separate lines.
We want to say that this string version of this object is just going to be data object to
string.
And then the actual log file names is going to be data string split on the new line
character.
Now let's go ahead and paste this part that we took out back inside so we can keep using it
.
We want to play in the vertical space and then for each of the long file names,
we want to cycle through it.
But as you're aware when you do an LS on a directory,
it's possible that some operating system files of various kinds might be there.
So before we log out everything,
we want to verify that the things that were logging out really are the type of file that
we're looking for.
So before we log out and do the vertical space,
let's just put in,
and if so,
we already check it for a dash.
But let's make it a little bit more robust.
We want to say if the type of log file name is a string and log file name length is greater
than zero,
and it has a dash just to add some extra bulletproofing here.
If it has a dash and it is a string will assume that it's the ones that were looking for.
So let's go ahead and start this app.
The seal eyes open that's called the list Logs command.
You can see it's working.
We're listening all the same flowers as we were doing before.
But last time we were trimming off the dodgy z dot be 64.
So let's go ahead and do that to in our console dot log.
Let's just call log file name dot trim and then split it on the docked and take the first
element of the resulting array.
In other words,
split this whole string on the dot,
which is going to end up as different elements in the array.
This is going to be the first element in the ray,
and that's all we want.
So let's try this again.
List logs and there we have it.
Same output,
as we were getting before,
were just acquiring it in a very different way by calling in the built in LS function
instead of our data library that used the FS functions to read all of the elements in a
directory again.
This is not necessarily a faster way to do it.
I don't know that ls is any faster than the F S module would be might be the same.
It might even be slower.
But this is an example of how you can use commands from an alternative application or from
the shell to take the place of something.
You might be doing a node if that alternative is going to be faster.
So this is something that you'd be doing as you do performance optimization.
You know,
we can kill this app and move on to the section review.